numeroOrigen;Nro. de Origen
numeroDestino;Nro. de Destino
fecha;Fecha
hora;Hora
duracion;Duracion de LLamada
numeroImei;Nro. de Imei
numeroSim;Nro. de Sim
celda;Id. de Celda
direccionOrigen;Direccion Nro. Origen
direccionDestino;Direccion Nro. Destino
localidadOrigen;Localidad Nro. Origen
localidadDestino;Localidad Nro. Destino
tipoComunicacion;Tipo de Comunicacion
estado;Estado
antenaDireccion;Direccion de Antena
antenaProvincia;Provincia de Antena
antenaLocalidad;Localidad de Antena
titularOrigen;Titular Nro. Origen
titularDestino;Titular Nro. Destino
empresaOrigen;Empresa Nro. de Origen
empresaDestino;Empresa Nro. de Destino
provinciaOrigen;Provincia Nro. de Origen
provinciaDestino;Provincia Nro. de Destino
contenidoMensaje;Contenido de Mensaje
nombreArchivo;Archivo Original
